README.md, before:

[![Gitpod Ready-to-Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-Ready--to--Code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.stud.ntnu.no/#https://gitlab.stud.idi.ntnu.no/it1901/groups-2022/gr2217/gr2217)

# IT1901 Fall 2022 GR2217 -- CardSnap

This project contains the IT1901 project for group 17. It is a Java application
built with JavaFX.

Our application is called CardSnap, and it is an application intended to
accelerate learning by providing an easy and intuitive way to create and 
practice using flash cards. Details about the application can be found in the
[cardsnap documentation](cardsnap/README.md).

The main application source is found inside the [cardsnap](cardsnap) directory/

### Building the project

The project uses [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) to build and manage
the code. The project uses Java 19.

To build the application, follow these steps:

```shell
# Clone the application code
git clone https://gitlab.stud.idi.ntnu.no/it1901/groups-2022/gr2217/gr2217
cd gr2217/cardsnap

# Build the application
mvn clean install

# Run tests and generate Jacoco, Spotbugs, and Checkstyle reports
mvn test site

# Run the JavaFX application
mvn javafx:run -f view/pom.xml
```

## Authors

- Tale Eikenes
- Magnus Ouren
- Isak Solheim
- Mats Larsen

Commit message:

Remove all JavaFX code and update architecture to point to React

README.md, after:

[![Gitpod Ready-to-Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-Ready--to--Code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.stud.ntnu.no/#https://gitlab.stud.idi.ntnu.no/it1901/groups-2022/gr2217/gr2217)

# IT1901 Fall 2022 GR2217 -- CardSnap

This project contains the IT1901 project for group 17. It is a Java server
application with a TypeScript + React frontend application.

Our application is called CardSnap, and it is an application intended to
accelerate learning by providing an easy and intuitive way to create and 
practice using flash cards. Details about the application can be found in the
[cardsnap documentation](cardsnap/README.md).

The main application source is found inside the [cardsnap](cardsnap) directory/

### Building the project

The project uses [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) to build and manage
the code. The project uses Java 19.

To build the application, follow these steps:

```shell
# Clone the application code
git clone https://gitlab.stud.idi.ntnu.no/it1901/groups-2022/gr2217/gr2217
cd gr2217/cardsnap

# Build the application
mvn clean install

# Run tests and generate Jacoco, Spotbugs, and Checkstyle reports
mvn test site
```

## Authors

- Tale Eikenes
- Magnus Ouren
- Isak Solheim
- Mats Larsen
